to be able to hear the waves without the
buzz of drones or loud fighter jets is a
good day in Gaza as the 4-day pause in
fighting began some took the opportunity
to breathe fresh air without the threat
of an incoming Israeli
strike we are very happy because we
weren't able to go anywhere for so long
and now we can finally play in the
sea but not all of gaza's 2.3 million
people could afford the rest fite from
the pain thousands walk to the already
overpopulated southern region overlooked
by Israeli snipers those who tried to
return to the north were
shot we ran for our lives from Ruthless
bombardment despite the current truth we
cannot go home we are still gripped by
fear I am staying with more than 60
people in a school but we cannot go back
to the north under any
circumstances most of Gaza has been
pummeled into debris entire Bloodlines
wiped out
the ceasefire was an opportunity to
revisit destroyed homes or what's left
of them Israeli snipers prevented people
from digging Graves so that the truce at
least they will get
burials hospitals roads schools
government buildings no longer exist
hard to imagine how anyone will be able
to return Israel's Onslaught means no
hospital in Northern Gaza is
functional many found hammers were no
match for layers of concrete
as they tried to recover the bodies of
loved ones they lost a lack of fuel and
destroyed roads means thousands of
Palestinians remain buried under their
own
homes with colleagues killed and
Equipment destroyed Aid workers are
appealing for international search and
rescue teams to come and help
hallu the ceasefire was also an
opportunity for Israeli captives to be
reunited with their
families 150 Palestinians in exchange
for 50 Israeli
captives in choreographed videos
released by hamas's on Wing the kasan
brigades fighters said goodbye to their
prisoners goodbye goodbye but media
interactions have been tightly
controlled by Israeli authorities since
the first interaction by this captive
who was released last month my mom is
saying that they treat them kindly
and it's the opposite on the other side
Palestinians who have been released from
Israeli prisons have told everyone about
their ordeal wiam isra Muhammad shuk
have all talked about mistreatment abuse
denial of communication medication and
Basics such as
food and food remains a major concern in
besieged Gaza because only a fraction of
required humanitarian Aid has been
allowed inside a few hundred trucks each
day are a welcome relief but it's not
enough and will run out
soon he's hopeful he will be able to go
back home to school to his class but all
of it is gone now a 48 hour extension
means fewer burials but despite it being
temporary gaza's hundreds of thousands
of children know they will at least
survive for two more days Usama B Javid
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer